Capsule/safety gear capsules (#13)
aotuai/capsule-zoo: capsules/detector_safety_gear_openvino/README.md

# About the Capsule
## Usage

> This capsule is for detecting safety gears (safety vest and safety hat) in the videos.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This capsule is for detecting safety equipment (safety vest and safety hat).
```

## Model
###  Model File Origin
The pretrained model was downloaded from the [Intel IoT Developer Program](https://software.intel.com/content/www/us/en/develop/topics/iot/reference-implementations/safety-gear-detector.html).
For more information on this specific model, see its

> [github repository](https://github.com/intel-iot-devkit/safety-gear-detector-python).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[GitHub repository](https://github.com/intel-iot-devkit/safety-gear-detector-python).
```

# About the Capsule
## Usage

> This capsule is for detecting safety equipments (safety vest and safety hat).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This capsule is for detecting safety equipment (safety vest and safety hat).
```

Author: Why not plural?

Reviewer: `equipment` is a collective noun so it never gets pluralized

https://english.stackexchange.com/questions/70828/what-is-the-plural-of-equipment
